Basicswapdex firo Blog (#328)
firoorg/firo-site: _posts/2023-12-13-basicswapdex-firo-installer.md

---
layout: post
title: "Firo is Now Integrated into BasicSwap Installer (.exe)"
summary: "Compatible with Bidirectional Adaptor Signature Atomic Swaps"
tags: [news, dev]
author: "Augustus Jong"
img: "/blog/assets/basicswapdexblog/banner.jpg"
---

> We are thrilled to announce that the [BasicSwap](https://basicswapdex.com/) installation wizard now comes with complete Firo compatibility! This means you can easily install Firo, featuring our recent groundbreaking [Lelantus Spark update](https://firo.org/2023/11/27/lelantus-spark-binaries-release.html), directly from the automated installer (remember to run it as an administrator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are thrilled to announce that the [BasicSwap](https://basicswapdex.com/) installation wizard now comes with complete Firo compatibility! This means you can easily install Firo, featuring our recent groundbreaking [Lelantus Spark update]({{ site.baseurl_root }}/2023/11/27/lelantus-spark-binaries-release.html), directly from the automated installer (remember to run it as an administrator).

```

Better always use internal links

## About Basicswap

BasicSwap stands as a decentralized, cross-chain trading exchange (DEX) that ensures privacy and security without relying on a central point of failure. This platform empowers users to seamlessly exchange cryptocurrencies, such as Bitcoin or Firo, free from restrictions or third-party intervention. Crafted by the cypherpunks at Particl, BasicSwap is deliberately constructed with an unwavering commitment to uncompromised privacy and security. This design is a direct response to the emerging challenges to freedom, reflecting a proactive stance against potential threats.

## Bidirectional Adaptor Signature Atomic Swaps?

Firo can swap as both the offerer and the participant of an adaptor signature swap.  Adaptor signature swaps present themselves as multi-signature transactions, concealing the true nature of the transaction and leaving no trace suggesting a connection between two transactions on distinct blockchains

To learn more head to [Particl's blog](https://particl.news/firo-now-compatible-with-bidirectional-adaptor-signature-atomic-swaps/) for a comprehensive explanation.

### How to Download

> ![](/blog/assets/basicswapdexblog/installer.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of basicswap's installation wizard listing Firo](/blog/assets/basicswapdexblog/installer.png)

```

Alt text is very useful for visually impaired users and increases the SEO score.
